Differences from Xray diffraction
    - Out-of-plane momentum not conserved at all (while in-plane still follows reciprocal lattice)

LEED-IV can only handle 10-15 independent parameters

"Integrate over chunks of E to get points instead of raw values and normalize"
    - Is this done for the data I have?
    - How should I normalize? (Integrate to 1?)

How to calculate phase shifts? (Atomic scattering amplitudes) "Don't worry too much about this"
"Pendry's R-factor"
R-factors of each IV curve are weighted by the width of the energy range they cover

How to calculate the beamlists?

What is a "layer"?
    - Idk. Splitting into layers improves efficiency, but for simplicity just put MNSTACK = 1.
    - Layer type: One for top, one for bulk. Different than the stacking?
        subplane : Actual atomic site where things sit. Only in surface?
        site     : A TYPE of site. Here, count bulk sites.

    Ex for LaNiO3 from Jacob:

  --------------- surface
    La apO
    Ni eqO(x2)
    La apO
    Ni eqO(x2)
  --------------- bulk
    La apO
    Ni eqO
    ...

    We can count 10 distinct locations in the surface layer where atoms sit.
    However, there are 12 "site types"
        top layer La, Ni, apO, eqO
        2nd layer La, Ni, apO, eqO
        bulk      La, Ni, apO, eqO

FIN parameters

ara1, ara2 - bulk cell unit vectors
arb1, arb2 - surface cell unit vectors -- will have to change for reconstructions!
npu        - which beams from beamlist to use
liter      - "computational parameter you won't have to change"
pfqex      - (hkl) reciproal lattice vectors of beams used

for the sites, you have to describe each site as a combination of the possible elements,
  IN THE SAME ORDER AS IN PHASESHIFTS FILE
Debye-Waller vibrational amplitudes are second numbers "ad-hoc chosen ????"
  First guess: Use bulk values (which I guess I can look up somewhere?)
    "Results don't depend very strongly on this. Doesn't change final optimal locations, but
       gives worse R-factors if you're wrong"


In FIN:
    - Layer 1 is surface, layer 2 is bulk
    - Coords are (z, x, y) in Angstroms
    - Everything is absolute coordinates
    Bulk stacking is ... unit vector to stack bulk layers

Positive coordinates are into the bulk (I think)

Inner potential (muftin.f) -- something like the work function?
    - Material specific - how to get for FeSe? "Around 10eV for most things"
        Getting wrong will "stretch" IV curves?

R-factor of 0.3 or below is "good"
R-factor calculations are independent of global scale factors, relative intensities within simulated values are meaningful though

TLEED usually alright within a 0.2A radius around reference calculations


run.delta
----------
Input: Tensors computed from run.ref-calc in file called `AMP`
Computes a (something) for a list of variations of a single atomic site. Repeats for each site, outputs to DEL.<sitenume>.<sitetype>
Change in amplitude from moving the atoms is completely uncorellated in the TLEED approx

run.search
----------
mnprmk: Total number of parameters of the system (coord, vib, conc per site, and "domain fraction" overall. coord is "single parameter")
But, the number of search-able parameters is set differently below? In `search.steu`.
In site specifications:
    - number of each parameter present in the delta files produced. Set to 1 to not look over.

IMPORTANT: Search is only over the discrete set of values in the delta file! Is this all TLEED codes? Is there a fundamental reason why?

Use the imaginary part of the internal potential given by Jacob. (5eV) Given by FWHM of ideal Bragg peak in I(V) curve
TLEED calcs fundamentally cannot do searches over lattice parameters. (!)

Jacob is searching over vibrational amplitudes too -- maybe I can squeak more R-factor out by doing that?

Write Andrew to ask about multi-task-ish problem of the reconstructions
